Ok ok ok please
What happened to the emperor
You still have the face to ask me what's wrong
Slept with me
Be a woman of mine
Now accept someone else's betrothal gift in front of me
You can't blame me.
Lord Zhan Shuai likes me, and I can't refuse
Not to mention you, the governor
How can you discuss it with Lord Zhan Shuai?
Li Waner, are you crazy?
Do you think the handsome man can look at you?
Wang, pay attention to what you say
I'm Mrs. Zhan Shuai now
Be careful!
I let my handsome husband take you away and get you drunk
Don't be naive.
Now the world is full of liars
Who else knows this woman?
Are you pretending to be the messenger of the war commander?
Come to cheat
That's right, what is the identity of Zhan Shuai?
Even the messenger of war
Travel is also used after going
How can there not even be a single entourage?
Now I'm going to check your credentials
Who are you? You are so ignorant.
My dignified Governor Jinhai let him not know
Your position is too small
I don't know. Isn't that normal?
Pegasus Phoenix
Stand up now
If your certificate money pretends to be good-looking to you
Do you want to see it?
OK, then I'll show you, do you know?